Clarify license reporting timing and other details (#22026)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/enterprise/license/utilization-reporting.mdx

and will never contain Personal Identifiable Information (PII) or other
sensitive information. Automated reporting shares the data with HashiCorp using
a secure, unidirectional HTTPS API and makes an auditable record in the product

> logs each time it submits a report. This process is GDPR compliant and submits

Reviewer: ```suggestion
logs each time it submits a report. The reporting process is GDPR compliant and submits
```
style issue: avoid "this" as a pronoun.
